our company uses tail
assortment technology
logging
cluster process
MHz of forest export is completed
Koreans cement sawn brent
certain sizes
first phase of logging
held by hand
or mechanized way
efficiency and safety
mechanized beam significantly
higher rolls chainsaws
Therefore, our company annually increase
modern logging park
technology
currently on rented
forest company
only about ten percent of the total
Baltic volume held Penza
the first
depending on the plot and
used technologies on
logging used
various combinations of equipment
multi operationally harvester machine
performs a large complex of operations
beam
pruning
bucking
measuring volumes harvests 3 sina
under sorting
and assortment packaging
harris tract control system
allows you to measure length
assortment diameter and other parameters
the resulting logs are sorted on
cutting area for different breeds and sizes
assortments
the next step is running forward d
self loading machines
they ensure collection
sorting
delivery of assortments from the place of harvesting to
top stock and stowage wood
piles
on logging
areas of our company in Siberia
assortment billet
provide complex cars john
dir
it is beam pack than
cyber machine
CPU
and loader based on tracked vehicles
the arrival of the workpiece in full-time
the car cuts off and the paths of the trees
askis dr skidder
delivers trunks and in packs upstairs and warehouse
upper storage warehouse
next to the cutting area where their assortments
will expose warehoused
stacker
with tail piece
processors cleans trees from sochi and
lay tails that linen
when assortment billet processor
performs pier kryzh cop
gave the range of cells of the authorities
loaded onto vehicles
using grab loaders
trucks to deliver wood
directly to the plant or giving board
intermediate overload
railroad warehouses or places
forming rafts for timber rafting
main transportation routes
harvested wood
forest mustache
temporary road
besides wood is delivered from
top warehouse to the branches of roads having an account
more serious engineering
branch preparation
this is a branch of the highways
unpaved dirt roads and
special coating
road construction and maintenance
provide modern technology
graders
excavators
dump trucks
our company spend the whole
forestry complex
work on logging sites
it is for the whole formation
thinning
forest fire prevention
their extinguishing
reforestation is mandatory for
territories
where clear cutting is carried out
depending on conditions apply
natural artificial or
combined reforestation
modern technology used in
logging requires serious
operator training
training is conducted in a certified
training center of our company
here exercise machines which create
real logging process in
the smallest details
our logging enterprise
companies certified by
international standard
forest management
and besides having a nation certificate
supplies
m sign of Russia on the produced
products
a guarantee that since
logging
and before the implementation phase, all processes go through
respecting international
standards